hey how's it going guys this is day 2 D
and this isn't one of my regular tech
review videos but Disney recent released
two flying drones one of them is a
quadcopter that's shaped like the
Millennium Falcon and the other is an
x-wing fighter that is just a regular
front flying drone so I'm not a huge
Star Wars person I mean I'm a casual
admirer at best but I do like flying
things and I've had these for a couple
of days so here's my review so I'm going
to unbox and review both of these in one
video because that's just how I roll
the x-wing it retails for $70 u.s.
that's the one with a bigger box on the
left and the Millennium Falcon is in the
smaller box on the right which retails
for 110 dollars u.s. the Millennium
Falcon is recommended for kids 10 and
older and inside the box you get the
quadcopter itself the remote and a micro
USB charging cable it's made out of some
spongy styrofoam looking material which
feels kind of like nerf gun ammo so the
body of the drone is definitely durable
and it can take a bit of a beating the
paint job on it is kind of sparse I mean
it's beige foam with a few painted spots
I just wish they'd painted the entire
drone and had some more details on it
but maybe they did it to keep weight
down I don't know I mean paint seems
pretty light alright to charge the drone
you plug in the USB cable to your
computer and then you take the microUSB
end and plug that into the remote and
then you open up a hatch on the remote
to find a second cable and you use that
cable plug that into the drone and it
begins charging so this is the more
complicated way to charge it the easier
way is to not use that first USB cable
at all and just to use the batteries
inside the remote but then you're
draining the 6w batteries inside the
remote to charge the drone and that's
kind of lame so I always use the USB
cable it flashes red when it's charging
and then it lights up green when it's
done the remote for the Millennium
Falcon is pretty basic it's one stick
that controls the movement which is your
left-right movement as well as forwards
and backwards and then the other stick
controls the up/down throttle and
rotation there's also a volume control
here which lets you control the volume
of the sound effects coming out of the
on the back there are a couple triggers
the triangle icon plays different sound
effects depending on what the drone is
doing and the other is for a hyperspace
mode which tilts the drone forward and
then it flies a little bit faster so
when you turn the drone on some lights
come on and it pairs up with remote some
blue LEDs in the back and there's a
couple white LEDs up front this is
definitely one of the cooler features of
the drone the lights give it this
authentic look when it's flying around
and you can play with it in the dark so
flying this guy is pretty simple if
you've had any quadcopter experience
before the controls are really similar
it's not headless so your control sticks
are always relative to the drone itself
and not the pilot and it's a beginners
run right it's obviously designed for
younger kids who enjoy as well so it's
not going to go super fast or anything
and it is pretty durable I banged this
up quite a few times over the past
couple of days and it's held up well and
see this right here this is hyperspace
mode it's charging towards the camera
flight time is around seven minutes or
so maybe ten minutes if you just kind of
let it hover and do its thing now it's
not an advanced drone it doesn't have
trim controls and it doesn't have any
features to make it do flips or any cool
tricks and the top speed feels kind of
limited if you've used more advanced
drones but it's a very lightweight
device so if you're a parent and you're
worried about your kids smashing around
and it has I wouldn't sweat it it's
pretty gentle device my only gripe with
it is the price obviously you're paying
a huge premium for like an official Star
Wars licensed product but it's a very
basic and overpriced drone for 110
dollars you can get way better quality
drones for half the price but those
aren't Millennium Falcon drones so if
you want to remote-control Millennium
Falcon then you have to pay up and to be
honest even though I'm not a huge Star
Wars guy it's kind of fun to fly around
because of that blue glowing engine
alright now before I unbox the x-wing
drone I just want to show you the two
controllers they are slightly different
I'll go into details of the x-wing
controller in a bit but they've designed
it in a way so that you can use both of
them together without any signal
interference also they label the battery
cover so you can tell them apart and you
can't put the wrong covers on because
the different size tabs at the bottom
but if you do have both of these drones
it's like a tangled mess of wires when
you're charging them
okay the x-wing drone it's also rated
for 10-plus when you open up the box you
get the drone for plastic laser cannon
things and the remote it doesn't come
with a USB cable even though it can use
one just like the Millennium Falcon
which is kind of weird it's made of the
same kind of material as the Millennium
Falcon spongy nerf II stuff with a paint
job I think it's actually a better paint
job than the Millennium Falcon and
there's an r2d2 guy that sits on the top
here he's made out of plastic and he
does not come out trust me I tried
pretty hard at the front of the drone
there's a clear plastic fin you're not
supposed to remove it it's needed for
flight but x-wings don't have this piece
here normally so they tried to make it
really subtle and invisible and it's
actually not that bad those four plastic
laser cannon things fit into the wings
but they're only here for aesthetics
when it's sitting around when it's time
to fly you have to remove them I
actually did try flying with the cannons
in and it just doesn't work very well at
all charges up the same way with the
hatch on the remote again you connect
the cable and juice it up the controls
are a little different engine throttle
on the left stick and on the right stick
it does some steering and the knob down
here is like a trim control you use it
to tune the two motors that help it fly
straight there's also two triggers up
top that don't do anything they're just
kind of there to taunt you so if you're
wondering how this one works the two
motors are front-facing when you hit the
throttle both motors spin and it flies
forwards
turning it left and right activates only
one of the engines at a time to steer it
I try playing with it indoors and it
works but it's not fun at all so I went
out with my friend testing out and it's
way better outside I've never flown
anything like this before and there's a
bit of a learning curve so you basically
crank the throttle to max and you hold
it there just before you let it go I
smashed it a couple times and you kind
of figure out that it's basically all in
a really good launch if you have a bad
launch there's no amount of piloting
that's going to save you
you want to launch it as straight as you
can so don't throw it upwards like a
paper airplane or glider because it just
climbs up way too fast you want to throw
it like dead-straight
and just let the motors do the work it
was a little windy that day and when the
wind blows it really messes up with the
flight you also want to stay away from
trees because it will eventually get
caught in them and the x-wing has so
many like protrusions and things it's
difficult to get it out all right so
which is a better buy between the two
drones I think they're both pretty fun I
think the x-wing is actually a better
value over the millennia
falken first it's bigger it's cheaper
and like you can get two people to play
this thing so one person could launch it
and the other person can do the controls
but the Millenium Falcon is more like a
one-person tool because two people are
just going to be fighting over that
controller I crashed them a lot over the
past few days and they both didn't break
you seemed pretty well made and even
though they both say ten plus I think
younger kids will have more fun with the
Millennium Falcon it's just more
forgiving to learn and you don't have to
run around chasing it when you play with
it the last thing to keep in mind is
that the x-wing is more of an outdoors
toy like you just need a lot more space
to use it so if you're getting it during
the holiday season you may not be able
to use it outdoors in the winter but
with the Millennium Falcon you can
basically play with it anywhere you want
as long as your piloting skills are good
so that about wraps it up I hope you
guys enjoy the review thumbs if you did
and if you stumbled upon this channel
randomly hit that thumbs up and be sure
to subscribe it's been nice and I'll see
you guys next time